 Create API for retrieving CCR for a specific patient.
 Enhance Patient Search screen with last location search and quick visit.
Allow users to communicate with TechSupport from inside the application.
Save message draft automatically if the user moves away from Inbox.
When creating a new message, message field is not empty
BUG: Calendar, Filter By Provider
Undefined variable error when creating new user account
Allow System Admin and Practice Admin to create templates by specialty.
Guarantor - self screen allows copy of data from Demographics
Driver's license/ID -  include state
Undefined variable error on Search Charts page
Standardize the use of expired password.
Patient Portal - Work on patient's name in appointment request.
Patient Portal - Check and fix site view in Guarantor Information.
Patient Portal - Work on Primary Care Physician field.
Enhancement Request: Encounter - Point Of Care Selections (formatting better if many items)
Patient Portal - Diallow the selection of Primary Care Physician
FEATURE REQUEST: capture source of history/complaint
Patient Portal - Disallow patient access to System Settings. Allow password change in Demographcis.
Patient Portal - Check the saving issue for First name and last name fields in Personal Information page.
Title of user now includes salutation and credentials
** Bug: Duplicate Patients created if you hit "Add" button twice on Demographics screen
Patient Portal - Hide "Send Message" link in demographics page.
Patient Portal - Fix required field length in Demographics page.
Add asterisk (*) to required fields
Automate the completion status of medications that have end dates assigned.
Add link to view documents in Advance Directives.
Can't fax from documents section
Change user name to "Advice Nurse" for patient messaging.
Patient Portal - Define a default duration of appointment when patient requests it.
Change Status dropdown in Search Charts to multiple checkboxes for multiple searches.
new electronic RX order error
New fax screen hangs
Check and fix refill request issue in electronic prescriptions screen
Fix POC fatal error.
chart patient documents faxes can't be viewed
Enhance the display of encounters to take care of deleted appointments.
BUG: scheduling providers not set correctly