Expand photo management functionalities in patient chart.
Add missing patient insurance info in SuperBill print.
Fix load speed of Visit Summary in the encounter.
Make appointment window X larger for finger touch.
Fix missing fields in Edit mode of User Accounts.
Fix Comment column sorting in Medical History page.
Break the Name column in Search Charts result display into Last Name, First Name.
Notify user by email if a message is marked "Urgent".
Allow the practice to show/hide example data.
Enhance entry to allow one-digit month and day.
Enhance Print Immunization function in the patient chart.
Check Emergency Access submenu disappearing issue.
Sort the entire list in Search Charts before paginating.
Make the patient header popup in Dashboard adjustable using patient name and display font size setting.
Fix ' display issue in Document Name (Attachments).
Quick visit icon - Add btn class for easier touch ability.
Fix error after pharmacy searching on the Patient Preferences page.
Patient Portal - Make the date format consistent in Problem List.
Fix unread message missing.
Check to see why Emdon labs are not importing.
Send message to ordering doctor when new lab results arrive.
Outside labs do not show up
Check Select and Submit functions in Outside Labs.
The tickets command needs to restore a standard qa database
Fix page display issue in Appointments page after sorting by reason.
Enhance the layouts of ROS/PE template buttons in the encounter.
Fix incorrect saving of data in Hx when changing Type.
Menu field moved after choosing menu parts
Fix missing Surgical History Dates (To field) in Visit Summary (Part 2).
Add the ability to mark a patient as deleted.
Rename "Add New" to "Send New Message" for Messages in the patient chart.
Fix error sending message via Patient Chart > Attachments > Send New.
iPad time field needs to be longer
Fix new message popup not displaying correctly in iPad.
Fix note format in Visit Summary.
After clicking Save button on the Practice Settings page appears page with notification
Fix misc errors in Phone Calls section at the Beta site.
Locations are missing on the Add New Phone Call page
Fix Webcam not working in Demographics and Account page.
Fix blank screen issue in lab orders (Dr. Anderson).
Duplicate procedure note format in Visit Summary.
Fix status not saving in Procedures.
Name matching should require a prefix match
Fix sorting in Dashboard display table.
Check file uploading in PE page of the encounter.
Remove CCR in Medication List. No use.
"Invalid date entered" message appears even when entered correct data at Phone Calls 
Fix paging elements after paginating Medication table in Meds & Allergy.
User Options page in Preference, System Settings shows proxy servor error.
iPad app scroll not working in Assessment
Check and fix incorrect sorting in display tables in all pages.
Fix broken Patient Education link in Superbill.
Superbill print errors
Remove favorites for e-Rx and e-Labs when setting is Standard
Check layout of Unmatched Lab Report in iPad.
Fix Inactive status in Patient Demographics (IE).
Limit the autocomplete results in Diagnosis field of Assessment to 20.
