Disallow the sending of message in broadcasting if no one matches the criteria.
Change notification in Broadcasting section of Messaging.
Show warning if user has already logged in and is trying to log in from another computer.
Adjust the column layout in Preferences page to allow font size changes.
Make [variable] in Letter Template not case sensitive.
Add a link in tutor mode to turn it off.
Put close button on pop-up dashboard window.
Patients > add patient only show relationship-to-guardian as required if guardian is specified.
Change the design of "Find Patient" to autocomplete.
Make dashboard visits to update without refreshing entire page.
Fix display theme issues in Preferences.
Have patient search info carry over to add new patient screen.
Enlarge patient's driver's license when you hover over it.
Fix first image upload hanging at 0%.
Mark required fields in Emdeon Labs in the patient chart and the encounter.
Fix Patient DOB not displaying in messaging.
Fix spelling error in HX Occurrence dropdown.
Need selected button highlighted for Patient > Charts > select-one > Medical Information > HX.
Adjust the popup list in PE for better user interface.
Trim leading and trailing white space for all values in Admin > General > Services page.
Change the alert message in appointment request used by the patient portal.
Change MRN generation logic.
Make sure that the default patient header image is loaded at beta site.
Provide an encounter link in patient chart for the provider to return to the encounter.
Enhance the layouts of ROS/PE template buttons in the encounter.
Fix unread message missing.
Fix new message popup not displaying correctly in iPad.
Fix note format in Visit Summary.
Fix misc errors in Phone Calls section at the Beta site.
Locations are missing on the Add New Phone Call page
Fix status not saving in Procedures.
Name matching should require a prefix match
Outside labs do not show up
Check Select and Submit functions in Outside Labs.
User Options page in Preference, System Settings shows proxy servor error.