Fax page error
Page cache problems
Medications not saving in chart
Superbill: service level not saved
Add user features to Unmatched Lab Reports.
Encounters > ROS gets SQL error
Add new features to Letter.
X-Link Integration
Fix the saving of insurance information in the patient chart.
Check and fix file paths for files.
List lab orders in Visit Summary.
Can't create patient account
BUG: Scheduling - Drag & Drop Appointment
Patient portal: Disallow the edit of forms by patient users.
Patient Portal: Check and fix Outside Labs data.
Errors on Messaging - Fax
Fix Messaging Reply bug.
Alert users if connection with Emdeon, Dosespot, Dragon Medical, and/or Faxage is down.
Stop changing the status of medication to "Completed" if there is no end date.
Click "OK" causes page submit
Visit summary practice address 2
Quick visits link missing
Add ability to order labs directly in patient chart.
Fix page loading issue in Patient Lists.
Lock encounter bug
Front Desk user cannot see the reason of the appointment after the patient's request
Fix ordered tests are not showing up in visit summary.
OB/GYN history missing from Visit Summary
OB/GYN history bugs
Patient Portal: Add OB/GYN history
Fix Reason updating not been saved in the Dashboard.
Fix lab status in display table and/or report details page. 
Add notification for new lab results to Dashboard.
Add the ability to click on webcam/uploaded photo to zoom/enlarge.
Created a new page for "Unmatched Rx Refill Requests" in Reports.
Fix error found in Meds & Allergy page of the encounter.
PSC hold not carrying to emdeon labs
Patient Portal: Enhance appointment request calendar.
Add autocomplete to lab test field in Labs.
Rename "Practice Management" to "Labs & Rx Refill" in Reports.
Unable to reply in messaging
Fix printing issue in Superbill when there is no practice logo.
Change Print Superbill to Print Icon in Superbill of the encounter.
Apply table format with alternating colors to all pages.
Hide Emdeon e-Prescribing before releasing this version.
Change version number in Help, About page from 1.7 to 1.6.2.
Remove user instructions in Services as only System Admin can access this page.
Grant Practice Admin and Office Manager access to all pages in General section (except for Services page).
PE tab webcam change
POC pre-filled phrases
Fix the style for Incoming Fax and Outgoing Fax menu buttons.
Use the correct style for select boxes in Health Maintenance.
Display the health maintenance plans enrolled by a patient in the encounter summary and plan.
Allow users to remove an uploaded image everywhere in the sysetm.
Disable the use of Enter in "Find Patient" field in Encounters under Patients.
print doctor name inside calendar box
Advance Directives & other errors [IE]
Fix patient account format issue in Demographics.
"puppy dog" sale features needed
Visit Summary bug
global Dragon ENabled/Disabled switch
Make all sorting in the patient charts sort from latest to oldest.
Associate Templates to Practice Type for ROS area
make dashboard popout menus enhanced for touch
Pass updated patient allergy data to Dosespot FROM our software.
Display lab order results in Encounter Summary page.
Integrate electronic fax with Referrals in the Plan section.
printing improvements for medications in Visit Summary
Patient Portal - Patient Registration
BUG: POC Medications not displaying all data in Encounter Summary Page
ROS and PE tab ajax swirl loader and templates formatting
Review user role access in project plan spreadsheet and add "Read" features to all user roles.
ENHANCEMENT: Allow to choose what info to send to referral physician
Add a new section in Reports for Health Maintenance.
Dashboard - Popout right menu
Fax out icon
Visit summary hot-link directly to each section
Fax sorting issue
Make changes to Health Maintenance according to recommendations by Eugene.
Add "Print Label" to each lab order in Plan.
Enhance patient matching in lab result routing.
Group appointment related items into one tab.
Patient Portal: notify patients by email if a new message is waiting in their mailbox
Patient Portal: Advance directives - disallow status change
Patient Portal: allow patients to add their Allergies, and medications?
Patient Portal: Past visits bug
Keypad format bug in IE 8
Change sorting order of Collection Date in Outside Labs of patient charts.
ENHANCEMENT: add Assessment Summary to Assessment Tab to be included in Visit Summary
Fix duplicate patient name check in Add Patient.
Encounter: allow ability to modify Visit Summary on the fly
Answer Emdeon cron question.
Allow users to delete their own items in User Groups. Also disallow the functions be changed in the default user groups.
Store DOB and Gender information in user_accounts table only if the users are not patients.
POC items - 'Ordered by' should be Provider only
vaccine code requirement
Apply Kevin Luck scroll bar in Alerts section of encounter Summary.
Encounter Summary Tab: Medications missing dosing info
Differentiate Male & Female patient functions in the encounter.
Provider Pin still shown once Encounter locked
Patient Pending Status  
If locked encounter remove links from Notice in Superbill tab
Remove console.log from entire system
Fix Redirect Loop
Allow users to send a message to multiple recipients in Messaging.
Check and fix Radiology not saving in POC.
Patient Education Autocomplete not working
dob missing from autocomplete search in fax area
formatting issue on Outside Radiology page in Patient Chart
Visit Summary Logo doesn't print as PDF
Assign "Non Providers" user group to "[ ] Show All Appointments" in the Dashboards.
patient portal - Enhance appointment request by patient users.
Add scrollbar to Assessment tab. 
CC tab: f/u redundant
Fix past diagnosis not working in Assessment of the encounter.
Link practice location setup message to practice location.
Rx info missing in Visit Summary
Pop-out optimizations for touch screen
Fix Surgical Hx outcome box not saving issue.
Link to patient chart from calendar.
Fix insurance screen bug when patient has an ' in the name.
Display ajax loader when Demographics page loads from Search Charts.
Fix capitalization and punctuation in User Accounts.
Patients: add new message from chart
Standardize the use of mouse icon when hovering over clickable items.
Add "Add New" and "Delete Selected" to Messages, Phone Calls, and Referrals in the patient chart.
Add "Add New" to Supplies in the patient chart.
Add "Add New" to Outside Radiology and Results sections in Radiology, Medical Information.
Add "Add New" to Documents section of Labs, Medical Information.
Standardize the use of expired password.
Incorrect "Select photo "button look in IE9
Add asterisk (*)  to all required fields found on all pages.
Check to see if Vitals graphs are still having issues in IE9.
Send a message to Front Desk when there is a patient appointment request.
Error when trying to open an appointment
Errors on the Practice Management page after sorting by Status
Errors on the Fax page after selecting Archive Selected
Incorrect Logo Image field on the Practice Profile page
Check and fix the saving of DOB in Demographics when choosing home number "Not given". 
Check lab error in 1.6 version.
Patient Portal: show Outside labs 
Switch viewer back to PDF format for Fax, Letters, and Letter Templates.
Make all required field message style consistent.
Next day schedule format bug
BUG: Patient Demographics, Send Message
Immunization table
Patient Portal - Test and fix appointment requests not displayed for after 9 pm.
Create a dashboard for each user role that cannot be turned off.
Save the position of checkbox and DOB after clicking "Add" in Add New Patient form
Duration of appointment dissappears when selecting appointment type
The date and the names of day in the Calendar are incorrect on the patient portal
Fix issue in Download sort link in Public Health Surveilllance display table.
Check and fix any issue found in Broadcasting to patients.
Show Subject instead of message body in Messages of Dashboard.
Fix Download error found on Immunization Registries page in Reports.
Fix column sorting in Orders page under Patients.
Patient Portal - Enhance patient requested appointments.
Enhancement Request: IPAD Application, Scheduling
Superbill to include Insurance Info 
Save message draft automatically if the user moves away from Inbox.
Hover text color is not applied for buttons
Design bug in Top Menu in IE9
Patient portal - Fix the saving of attached files in Advanced Directives.
Show "Page not found" when user is trying to reach page that doesn't exist.
Some problems with Active link color 
Change design of warning messages in Schedule
Fix notification length on following pages.
Apply correct style to Public Health Surveillance when selected.
Check and fix sorting in Patient Reminders display table.
